## Learning to work together

So far, we have only been working on the `main` branch. However, think about what would happen if:
- We always want to have a quick access to a working version of the project (for example, to show the teachers when they come to our table)?
- Two developers modify the same part of the same file, causing conflicts?
- One developer pushes a commit which causes an error or a bug?

To address those issues, we have to use the collaborative tools of Git and Gitlab. To illustrate, we are going to build a small hangman game in Python, where the user has to guess a word letter by letter.

First, we are going to create another branch, called "dev", and add some default files to it, which we will fill later on during the project.

> **GROUP MEMBER NUMBER 1** must now:
> 1. Make sure you have the latest version of the code by running `git pull`.
> 2. Create a new branch called "dev" by running `git branch dev`, and check out the dev branch using `git checkout dev`
> 3. Using VSCode, create a new file called "hangman.py" (do not forget the .py !), and paste the content of [this file](python/hangman.py) inside. It is a template containing empty functions for the hangman game, which each member will have to fill one. 
> 4. Similarly, create a new file called "test_hangman.py", and paste the content of [this file](python/test_hangman.py). It is a file containing tests for the functions that the members of the group will implement in hangman.py.
> 5. Finally, create a new file called "words.txt", and paste the content of [this file](python/words.txt). It is a text file containing a lot of words, which are going to be used to pick a random word for the hangman game.
> 6. Also create a file called ".gitignore", and paste the content of [this file](python/.gitignore). This tells git which kind of files NOT to track : files that are automatically generated by your IDE, etc.
> 7. Add and commit those two files : `git add hangman.py test_hangman.py words.txt .gitignore`, and `git commit -m "Add template files"`
> 8. Push your changes to the remote repository using `git push`. 

As the `dev` branch does not exist yet, you are going to get the following error from gitlab: `fatal: The current branch dev has no upstream branch`. 

Since this is your first time pushing a new branch to the remote repository, you have to run a specific command: `git push --set-upstream origin dev`.